V8 Engine {
    -Machine Code(Language) : Programming languages spoken by computer processors.
        -Every program you run on your computer has been converted(Compiled) into machine code.
    -JavaScript is a very high level coding language
    -Node is written in C++
    -V8 is written in C++
    -V8 is entirely open sourced
}
CLI = Command Line Interface : A Utility to type commands to your computer rather than clicking. (Bash, Terminal)
Arguments : Values you give your program that affect how it runs.
Machine Code(Language) : Programming languages spoken by computer processors.
ECMAscript : The standard that javascript is based on.
A JavaScript Engine : A program that converts JavaScript code into something the computer processor can understand.
Definitions of commonly used terms:
    Module: A reusable block of code whose existence does not accidentally impact other code.
    CommonJS Modules: An agreed upon standard for how code modules should be structured.
First-Class Functions : Everything you can do with other types, you can do with functions.
Expression : A block of code that results in a value.
Invoke : Run the function.
Name/Value pair: A name which maps to a value.
Object: A collection of name/value pairs.
Object Literal: Name/value pairs separated by commas and surrounded by curly braces.
Inheritance: One Object gets access to the properties and methods of another object.
Function Constructors: A normal function that is used to construct objects.
Primitive: A Type of data that represents a single value.
Scope: Where in code you have access to a particular variable or function.
JSON: Javascript Object Notation - A standard for structuring data that is inspired by javascript object literals.
Revealing Module Pattern: Exposing only the properties and methods you want via a returned object.
Mutate: To change something.
Events: Something that has happened in our app that we can respond to.
    System Events: Come from C++ Core in libuv.
    Custom Events: Inside JavaScript Core (Event Emitter).
Magic String: A string that has some special meaning in our code.
Asynchronous: More than one process running simultaneously.
    -Node does things asynchronously. V8 does not.
Synchronous: One process executing at a time.
Callback: A function passed to some other function, which we assume will be invoked at some point.
Non-Blocking: Doing other things without stopping your program from running.
Buffer: A temporary holding spot for data being moved from one place to another.
Stream: A sequence of data made available over time.
Binary Data: Data stored in binary.
Character Set: A representation of characters as numbers.
Character Encoding: How characters/digits are stored in binary.
Byte: 8 Bits
Error-First Callback: Callbacks take an error object as their first parameter.
Chunk: A piece of data being sent through a stream.
Abstract (Base) Class: A type of constructor you never work directly with, but inherit from.
Pipe: Connecting two streams by writing to one stream what is being read from another.
Method Chaining: A method returns an object so we can keep calling more methods.
